Vault: update 2.0 preview release notes (#2137)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/updates/release-notes.mdx

### Summary

Vault Enterprise 2.0 focuses on reducing manual setup and operational friction
for teams that manage identity, secrets, and encryption across large
environments. The release helps operators connect Vault to existing identity
systems, deliver workload identity in SPIFFE-based environments, and sync
secrets to external platforms without depending on long-lived cloud
credentials.

> This release also helps teams manage distributed infrastructure with less

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault 2.x.x also helps teams manage distributed infrastructure with less
```

### Summary

Vault Enterprise 2.0 adds guided identity, policy, key management, and
rotation workflows. This preview introduces SCIM-based identity
provisioning, SPIFFE JWT-SVID support, Secret Sync with workload identity
federation, multi-region key management, Linux local account rotation, and
Vault UI updates that help operators discover features and complete common
tasks faster.

### New features

- [SCIM identity provisioning](/vault/docs/enterprise/scim-overview) lets
  Vault Enterprise provision entities and groups from external identity

>   platforms so that you can automate identity lifecycle management in Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[SCIM identity provisioning](/vault/docs/enterprise/scim-overview)** - Automate
  identity lifecycle management by provisioning entities and groups in Vault from
  external identity platforms.
```

We should use the typical list formatting to facilitate scanning

  SPIFFE-based identity workflows.
- [Visual policy generator](/vault/docs/ui/visual-policy-editor) lets you
  generate ACL policy snippets from the Vault GUI so that you can create
  policies faster and reduce manual policy authoring.
- [Feature introduction pages](/vault/docs/about-vault/why-use-vault) add
  guided overviews for key Vault capabilities so that users can understand
  core features without leaving the UI.
- [Namespace onboarding](/vault/docs/enterprise/namespaces) adds a guided
  workflow for namespace setup so that operators can answer a few questions
  and continue in the UI, CLI, or Terraform.
- [Secret Sync](/vault/docs/sync) supports workload identity federation
  (WIF) so that you can sync secrets to external systems without storing
  static credentials.
- [AWS KMS multi-region keys](/vault/docs/secrets/key-management/awskms#multi-region-keys)
  let you create and replicate managed keys across AWS regions so that you
  can support multi-region encryption and disaster recovery workflows.
- Local accounts secrets engine lets Vault manage Linux local accounts and
  rotate credentials so that you can automate local account credential

>   management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Local accounts secrets engine** - Use Vault to manage Linux local accounts
  and rotate credentials for automated local account credential management.
```

- [LDAP static role rotation enhancements](/vault/docs/secrets/ldap) add
  initial passwords, self-managed rotation, schedules, and retry controls so

>   that you can manage LDAP static credentials with more flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[LDAP static role rotation enhancements](/vault/docs/secrets/ldap)** - 
  Manage LDAP static credentials with more flexibility by adding initial
  passwords, self-managed rotation, schedules, and retry controls.
```

- [Rotation policies](/vault/docs/concepts/rotation-policies) let you define
  reusable retry behavior for supported roles so that you can standardize how
  Vault handles failed automated rotations.

### Bug fixes and security patches

- [Vault Agent template backoff](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template)
  reduces aggressive retries during secret rotation so that agents create less
  unnecessary network traffic and server load.
- identity: Repair the integrity of duplicate and/or dangling entity aliases.

### Improvements

- The Vault UI navigation reorganizes features around common operator tasks so
  that users can find related capabilities faster.
- In-product feature descriptions explain what features do and when to use
  them so that users can evaluate capabilities in context.
- Secrets inventory reporting can scan existing AWS and Azure environments to

>   seed reporting data so that teams can get value from reporting without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  seed reporting data so teams can get value from reporting without
```

  starting from an empty inventory.
- [Azure secrets engine](/vault/docs/secrets/azure) adds role metadata
  support, separates static credential import, and lowers the minimum TTL for
  static roles to 30 days so that operators can manage Azure roles with more
  consistency.
- [Event notifications](/vault/docs/concepts/events) support subscriptions
  from secondary clusters for events on the primary cluster so that
  multi-cluster deployments can react with lower latency.
- [External plugin management](/vault/docs/plugins/register) is easier in the

>   Vault UI so that operators can manage external versions of builtin plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Vault GUI so operators can manage external versions of built-in plugins
```

  without relying only on the API or CLI.
- [IBM Passport Advantage Online license support](/vault/docs/configuration/license-entitlement)
  lets Vault Enterprise use IBM Passport Advantage Online license keys so that
  customers can reduce licensing fulfillment delays.
- Support for an additional licensing framework aligns pricing with workload,
  automation, and machine identity growth so that billing better reflects
  platform usage.
- [JWT auth](/vault/docs/auth/jwt) adds updates in Vault 2.0 that improve

>   JWT-based authentication workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JWT auth](/vault/docs/auth/jwt) updates improve JWT-based authentication workflows.
```
What about the behavior improved?

- **[LDAP static role rotation enhancements](/vault/docs/secrets/ldap)** - 
  Manage LDAP static credentials with more flexibility by adding initial
  passwords, self-managed rotation, schedules, and retry controls.
- **[Rotation policies](/vault/docs/concepts/rotation-policies)** - Standardize
  how Vault handles failed automated rotations by defining reusable retry
  behavior for supported roles.

### Bug fixes and security patches

- Credential rotation: [Vault Agent template backoff](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template)
  reduces aggressive retries during secret rotation so that agents create less
  unnecessary network traffic and server load.
- identity: Repair the integrity of duplicate and/or dangling entity aliases.

### Improvements

- The Vault UI navigation now organizes features around common operator tasks so
  users can find related capabilities faster.
- In-product feature descriptions explain what features do and when to use
  them so that users can evaluate capabilities in context.
- Secrets inventory reporting can scan existing AWS and Azure environments to
  seed reporting data so teams can get value from reporting without

>   starting from an empty inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Accidentally hit apply instead of resolve >_<
